## MOD PERMISSIONS LICENSE

Version 1, 2 August 2025.

Copyright (C) 2025 to present, Jbredwards.
<https://www.github.com/jbredwards/mod-permissions-license>

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license
document, but changing it is not permitted.

## PREAMBLE

The Mod Permissions License was created for use by video game mods, but you can
apply it to your other programs, too.

The goal of the Mod Permissions License is to allow the original copyright
holder to retain all rights to their work, thus preventing any unwanted reuse,
modifications, or redistribution, while permitting reuse for compatibility
purposes (including addon mods!), or forking only to contribute back to the
original software.

The Mod Permissions License also explicitly allows contributors to retain
seperate copyright to their own work, which is unlike any other existing
"non-copyleft" copyright license.

## TERMS AND CONDITIONS

### 0. Definitions.

"This License" refers to version 1 of the Mod Permissions License.

"Copyright" also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds of works,
such as semiconductor masks.

"The Program" refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this License. Each
licensee is addressed as "you". "Licensees" and "recipients" may be individuals
or organizations.

To "modify" a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the work in a
fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the making of an exact copy.
The resulting work is called a "modified version" of the earlier work or a work
"based on" the earlier work.

A "covered work" means either the unmodified Program or a work based on the
Program.

To "propagate" a work means to do anything with it that, without permission,
would make you directly or secondarily liable for infringement under applicable
copyright law, except executing it on a computer or modifying a private copy.
Propagation includes copying, distribution (with or without modification),
making available to the public, and in some countries other activities as well.

To "convey" a work means any kind of propagation that enables other parties to
make or receive copies. Mere interaction with a user through a computer network,
with no transfer of a copy, is not conveying.

### 1. Permissions.

ALL RIGHTS ARE RESERVED, EXCEPT WHERE EXPLICITLY GRANTED BELOW, OR WHERE
EXPLICITLY GRANTED BY THE ORIGINAL COPYRIGHT HOLDER. FOR ANYTHING ELSE, CONTACT
THE ORIGINAL COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND REQUEST PERMISSION.

Conveying any covered work is only permitted by the original copyright holder.

This License explicitly affirms your unlimited permission to run the Program for
any legal purpose.

Capturing images or videos of the Program is permitted. You retain copyright to
your own images or videos.

While the Program is not licensed in the public domain, any text files generated
as a direct result of running the Program are licensed in the public domain upon
creation. For example, generated configuration files are licensed in the public
domain and may be modified and redistributed freely.

Permission is granted to incorporate modified or unmodified sections of the
covered work into other software, only for the purpose of improving
compatibility of that software with the Program. Incorporating modified or
unmodified sections of the covered work into other software is not permitted for
any other purpose.

Forking the Program is permitted, but only to contribute back to the Program.
Forks may not be conveyed to the public, aside from source code, and must keep
this License. Contributors retain copyright to their own work. By submitting a
contribution to the Program, the contributor grants the original copyright
holder an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, modify, and
distribute the contribution as part of the Program under the terms of this
License.

### 2. Disclaimer of Warranty.

THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER
PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE
QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE
DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

### 3. Limitation of Liability.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY
COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR CONVEYS THE PROGRAM AS
PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE
THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED
INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE
PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

### 4. Interpretation of Sections 2 and 3.

If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided above cannot
be given local legal effect according to their terms, reviewing courts shall
apply local law that most closely approximates an absolute waiver of all civil
liability in connection with the Program, unless a warranty or assumption of
liability accompanies a copy of the Program in return for a fee.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

## How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs

If you develop a new program and want to apply these terms, attach the following
notices to the program. It is safest to attach them to the start of each source
file to most effectively state the exclusion of warranty; and each file should
have at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is
found.

    Copyright (C) <year> <name of author>

    All rights are reserved, except where explicitly granted by the original
    copyright holder or where explicitly granted by the Mod Permissions License as
    published by Jbredwards, either version 1 of the License, or (at your option)
    any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
    WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
    PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

    See the Mod Permissions License for more details
    <https://www.github.com/jbredwards/mod-permissions-license>.
